---
title: Yabe Siul
description: Migrate the project from Yabe Siul to WindPress
---

Yabe Siul is the predecessor of WindPress. It's now deprecated and no longer maintained. If you are using Yabe Siul, we recommend migrating your project to WindPress.

::tip
It's a free upgrade and will provide you with a better experience.
::

## Why migrate to WindPress?

WindPress is a complete rewrite of Yabe Siul, and it comes with many new features and improvements. It is designed to be more flexible, extensible, and easier to use.

- **Tailwind CSS versions**: WindPress supports the latest two major versions of Tailwind CSS, while Yabe Siul only supports the latest version.
- **Better integration**: Provides a better exclusive features on some specific integrations.
- **Unified engine**: WindPress uses a unified engine for both development and production environments, while Yabe Siul uses different engines for each environment.
- **Improved performance**: Designed to be more performant with better caching and optimization features.
- **Without internet**: WindPress bundle all the necessary libraries in the plugin itself and serves them locally from your server, allowing you to use Tailwind CSS without an internet connection.
- **Better documentation**: More comprehensive and user-friendly documentation, making it easier to learn and use.
- **Active development**: WindPress is actively maintained and developed, while Yabe Siul is deprecated and no longer maintained.

## Migration process

The migration process is straightforward and can be done in a few steps.

### 1. Backup

### 3. Installing WindPress

### 2. Updating Yabe Siul

### 4. Start the migration

