---
title: Introduction
description: A basic intro to WindPress.
---

[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) is one of the [most popular](https://2023.stateofcss.com/en-US/css-frameworks/) CSS frameworks in the world besides Bootstrap. It is known for its utility-first approach which is both user-friendly and easy to use, making it a top choice for developers. Additionally, its flexible configuration allows developers to customize it to their needs, making it a go-to option for many projects.

However, the use of Tailwind CSS in WordPress is still limited to theme usage, and it requires a development environment that supports modern Javascript build tools. The increasing popularity of WordPress page builders like Gutenberg, Elementor, Oxygen, and Bricks has created a high demand for integrating Tailwind CSS directly into WordPress without the need for a development environment that supports modern Javascript build tools. This is where [WindPress](/) comes in.

## What is WindPress?

WindPress is a plugin that integrates Tailwind CSS with WordPress. It can be used with page builders, themes, and plugins in any WordPress environment, including shared hosting.

## Features

WindPress is packed full of features designed to streamline your workflow:

- <i class="fa-solid fa-play pr-1.5"></i> **Plug and play**: Start using Tailwind CSS in WordPress in seconds — just install and activate the plugin.
- <i class="fa-solid fa-face-smile-hearts pr-1.5"></i> **Easy to Use**: Simplified and intuitive settings to get you up and running quickly.
- <i class="fa-solid fa-gear pr-1.5"></i> **Customizable Configuration**: The plugin comes with a default Tailwind CSS configuration, but you can easily customize it to fit your needs directly from the WordPress admin panel.
- <i class="fa-solid fa-feather pr-1.5"></i> **Lightweight**: The plugin dashboard built on top of WordPress REST API, and a modern JavaScript framework for an instant, responsive user experience. Yet it has a small footprint and won't slow down your site.
- <i class="fa-solid fa-code pr-1.5"></i> **Developer Friendly**: It's designed to be developer-friendly so you can extend it to your needs.
- <i class="fa-solid fa-rabbit-running pr-1.5"></i> **Blazingly fast**: Cache makes your WordPress site blazing fast. Generate the final optimized CSS file in the <span class="px-1.5"><i class="fa-brands fa-firefox-browser"></i> <i class="fa-brands fa-edge"></i> <i class="fa-brands fa-safari"></i> <i class="fa-brands fa-chrome"></i></span> browser without <i class="fa-solid fa-cloud-slash px-1.5"></i> server-side tools. None of your data is transferred over the network.

And some specific integrations also include the following features:

- <i class="fa-solid fa-list pr-1.5"></i> **Autocompletion**: As you type, Tailwind CSS class names will be suggested automatically.
- <i class="fa-solid fa-rectangle-history-circle-user pr-1.5"></i> **Variable Picker**: Easily select Tailwind CSS themes' colors, fonts, and other variables from a panel.
- <i class="fa-brands fa-html5 pr-1.5"></i> **HTML to native elements**: Convert Tailwind CSS HTML to native elements in the editor.
- <i class="fa-solid fa-rectangle-vertical-history pr-1.5"></i> **Ubiquitous Panel**: A floating panel that allows you to quickly access the WindPress settings from anywhere on the page.

## Who is WindPress for?

WindPress is for anyone who wants to use Tailwind CSS in WordPress without needing a development environment that supports modern Javascript build tools. It is designed to be user-friendly and easy to use, making it a top choice for developers, designers, and content creators who run WordPress websites on any hosting environment, including shared hosting.

## Join our Community

<i class="fa-solid fa-comment pr-1.5"></i> Join us in the [`Discord`](https://discord.gg/fjsB83XdFw) or [`Facebook`](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1142662969627943), and get involved in the active, friendly community!

<i class="fa-solid fa-headset pr-1.5"></i> Send us a [`support ticket`](https://rosua.org/support-portal) and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
