---
title: 'Builderius'
description: 'Learn how to use Tailwind CSS with Builderius in WordPress.'
---

## What is Builderius?

[Builderius](https://builderius.io/?referral=afdfca82c8) is a powerful, flexible site builder designed for developers and creative professionals who want complete control over their website's design and functionality. Builderius takes a unique approach by offering the "code-first" experience. It allows you to craft fully custom websites using a built-in code editor for CSS, with seamless two-way syncing between the code editor and the visual UI. This ensures you can work with precision and flexibility without compromising on performance or scalability. Whether you're building a simple site or a complex web application, Builderius gives you the freedom to customize every detail while ensuring a fast and streamlined workflow. Its intuitive interface and robust features make it a game-changer for those who value creative freedom and flexibility in web development.

::callout{icon="i-ph:bookmark-simple" to="https://builderius.io/?referral=afdfca82c8" target="_blank"}
Learn more about Builderius on the official website.
::

## Using Tailwind CSS with Builderius

WindPress provides a simple way to use Tailwind CSS with Builderius. It's first-class integration with Builderius allows you to use Tailwind CSS in your Builderius plugin without any additional configuration, providing a seamless experience.

::callout{icon="fluent:premium-12-filled" to="/#pricing" color="amber"}
Builderius integration is available in the WindPress pro edition.
::

WindPress will automatically load the necessary modules to provide the full Tailwind CSS experience, including the compiler and scanner.

## Features

WindPress provides a range of exclusive features to enhance your Builderius experience with Tailwind CSS.
